[CHA-1401] Document the filters (EP Filtering) (#1027)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/event-platform/concepts.md

**However, we cannot guarantee that this IP address will remain unchanged indefinitely.** Therefore, we strongly recommend whitelisting the `europe-west1` IP ranges from [Google Cloud's IP ranges list](https://www.gstatic.com/ipranges/cloud.json) to ensure continuous access.

## Subscriptions Filters

When configuring a subscription, you can optionally define a **filter** to receive **only the events that match specific criteria**.

Here's the available filters you can use:
- user

The following filters will be available soon:
- attribute
- scope
- locale

> In the future, additional filters and advanced conditions (such as combining multiple filters with `AND` or `OR` operators) will become available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ Support for additional filters and advanced conditions (including `AND`/`OR`/`NOT` operators) will be implemented in future versions.
```

Reviewer 2: Not sure we should communicate at all on this.
